feat: document LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE in vitest-jest docs [closes DOC-755] (#2720)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/vitest-jest.mdx

You can override the test suite name for a given `ls.describe()` block by passing a `testSuiteName` in the config:

```typescript
ls.describe("my describe block", () => {
  ls.test(
    "test name",
    { inputs: { userQuery: "..." } },
    async ({ inputs }) => {
      ...
    },
  );
}, {
  testSuiteName: "SQL app tests",
});
```

You can also set the `LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE` environment variable to dynamically set the test suite name for all `ls.describe()` blocks in a run. This is useful in CI to get a consolidated view of all your results:

```bash
LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE="SQL app tests" yarn run eval
```

To use `LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE`, pass `process.env.LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE` as the `testSuiteName`:

```typescript
ls.describe("fallback suite name", () => {
  ls.test(
    "test name",
    { inputs: { userQuery: "..." } },
    async ({ inputs }) => {
      ...
    },
  );
}, {
  testSuiteName: process.env.LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE,
});
```

When `LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE` is set, its value will be used as the test suite name. Otherwise, the name passed directly to `ls.describe()` is used as the fallback.

<Info>

> The Python SDK's [pytest integration](/langsmith/pytest) reads `LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE` automatically. In the JS SDK, you must explicitly pass it via the `testSuiteName` config as shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python SDK's [pytest integration](/langsmith/pytest) reads `LANGSMITH_TEST_SUITE` automatically. In the JS SDK, you must explicitly pass it via the `testSuiteName` config as shown in the previous example.
```
